Added devtron to list.md (#665)
crweiner/hacktoberfest-swag-list: docs/list.md

- **How to sign up**: Sign in with [Github here](https://devict-hacktoberfest.herokuapp.com/) so they can track your PRs.
- **Notes**: You need to create at least two PRs in any of the  Wichita developer community organizations listed [here](https://devict-hacktoberfest.herokuapp.com/)

> #### **devtron**

Reviewer: I started to make the changes myself to this entry, but there were so many that I stopped. I would like you to please review your PR and format this Devtron entry differently. 

Devtron appears to be rewarding people for meaningful PRs during their several different events. This PR appears to only capture their Art-A-Thon event, not anything else.

> #### **devtron**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### **Devtron**
```

- **Swag**: Devtron's Limited Edition Swag Kit for 1st Rank , Devtron's Limited Edition Diary + stickers for 2nd Rank,  Devtron's Limited Edition stickers for 3rd Rank

> - **Requirements**:

Reviewer: Please list the requirements of each event, summarized (do not just copy and paste from their Readme file...).

    - Star the [Devtron](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron) repo on Github
    - Follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/DevtronL)
    - Make some art and share it on Twitter. Tag @DevtronL and use    #Hacktoberfest, #Devtron on your post.

> - **How to sign up**: Open this [Github Repo](https://github.com/devtron-labs/devtron) ,Fork it and star it . When submitting a PR please add Hacktoberfest in the PR Description. This would give us a confirmation on whether the PR is for Hacktoberfest.

Reviewer: Please double check all formatting, spelling, punctuation, etc.

> - **Issues**: Checkout [Devtron Repo](https://github.com/devtron-labs/hacktoberfest2022/blob/main/README.md#book-contribution-guidelines).

Reviewer: The Issues section, if included (as it's optional), is when an organization wants to highlight certain GitHub Issues as counting for Hacktoberfest. If that is not the case, then it should not be included here.

- **Notes**: Read the contributions guidelines caredfully and for such opportunites in devtron [Click Here](https://github.com/devtron-labs/hacktoberfest2022/blob/main/README.md#book-contribution-guidelines)

> 

Reviewer: Thank you for adding Devtron to the Swag List! I'd encoruage you to look at the [Contributing guidelines](https://hacktoberfestswaglist.com/contributing/) to make sure you're formatting things correctly (as well as other entries on the List). 

Netlify will also provide you with a build preview with each new commit, so feel free to use those previews to make sure that things look the way you want them to.

- **Issues**: [learn-graphql issues](https://github.com/hasura/learn-graphql/issues) and [graphql-engine issues](https://github.com/hasura/graphql-engine/issues).
- **Notes**: For more information, check out [this blog post](https://hasura.io/blog/hasura-joins-hacktoberfest-3rd-year-in-a-row/) and [this blog post too](https://hasura.io/blog/with-hasura-celebrate-open-source-in-style-with-hacktoberfest/).

> #### **hacksquad**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### **HackSquad**
```

> - **Swag**: T-shirts, hacksquad printed cups,carry bags,stickers,Hoodie

Reviewer: Please check your punctuation, spacing, spelling, etc.

> - **Requirements**:  Register to the HackSquad using your GitHub, Join a squad or get assigned to a random squad, contribute code and get Swag!

Reviewer: Don't just copy and place, please. And again, check punctuation and spelling, please.

> - **How to sign up**: Open this [Hacksquad](https://www.hacksquad.dev/) ,Click on join now and there you go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **How to sign up**: [Sign up on the Hacksquad website](https://www.hacksquad.dev/).
```

> - **Issues**: Checkout [goodfirstissue](https://goodfirstissue.dev/) and contribute to it.

Reviewer: See above note on the Issues section regarding Devtron; please remove Issues here as it's not relevant.

- **Notes**:

>     - The top 60 squads will win awesome swag! around ~300 winners!

Reviewer: How many people are on a squad?

>     - Each hour we calculate the number of MERGED PRs of each squad member and sum them all up. Each PR is worth 1 point. By the end of the event, the top 60 squads will win awesome swag! 

Reviewer: "Each hour **_we calculate_**..." _We_ over here at the Hacktoberfest Swag List don't do any calculations! Again, please don't copy and paste, you need to re-write what they have to instead be relevant to the visitors of this site/repo.

- **Issues**: [learn-graphql issues](https://github.com/hasura/learn-graphql/issues) and [graphql-engine issues](https://github.com/hasura/graphql-engine/issues).
- **Notes**: For more information, check out [this blog post](https://hasura.io/blog/hasura-joins-hacktoberfest-3rd-year-in-a-row/) and [this blog post too](https://hasura.io/blog/with-hasura-celebrate-open-source-in-style-with-hacktoberfest/).

#### **Hacksquad**

- **Swag**: T-shirts, hacksquad printed cups,carry bags,stickers,Hoodie
- **Requirements**:
    Register to the HackSquad using your GitHub, Join a squad or get assigned to a random squad, contribute code and get Swag!
- **How to sign up**: Open this [Hacksquad](https://www.hacksquad.dev/) ,Click on join now and there you go.
- **Issues**: Checkout [goodfirstissue](https://goodfirstissue.dev/) and contribute to it.
- **Notes**:
    - The top 60 squads will win awesome swag! around ~300 winners!

>     - Each hour we calculate the number of MERGED PRs of each squad member and sum them all up. Each PR is worth 1 point. By the end of the event, the top 60 squads will win awesome swag! 

Reviewer: Please make the robot happy here.

    - To win swag, even if your team wins, you would need to have 1 MERGED PR

> 

Reviewer: Please make the robot happy here.
